index.md, before:

# INFO1903 Project
## Section I: Data analysis
### Domain Situation
For this project, I wanted to analyse state rainfall data
alongside road fatalities, with the primary aim of finding
a correlation between the two.

### Data Sources
#### Online Sources
- [The Australian Road Deaths Database](http://data.gov.au/dataset/australian-road-deaths-database/resource/ca07c8e3-672f-4826-a6e5-83fd7127ae0b)) which contains information about the crashes and the fatalities.
- [The Bureau of Meteorology's Daily Rainfall Data](http://www.bom.gov.au/jsp/ncc/cdio/weatherData/av?p_nccObsCode=136&p_display_type=dailyDataFile&p_startYear=&p_c=&p_stn_num=086039) for the station of Flemington in Victoria.

#### Download Links:
- [Crash database](https://bitre.gov.au/statistics/safety/files/Fatal_Crashes_Feb2017.csv) (csv)
- [Crash database legend](https://bitre.gov.au/statistics/safety/files/ARDD_Dictionary_V3.pdf) (pdf)
- [Rain database](http://www.bom.gov.au/jsp/ncc/cdio/weatherData/av?p_display_type=dailyZippedDataFile&p_stn_num=086039&p_c=-1480557288&p_nccObsCode=136&p_startYear=2017) (csv)

#### Data Description
##### ARDD

| Column | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
 crashid | character(13) | Internal crash ID |
 state | character varying(3) | State that the crash occured in |
 day | integer | Day of the crash |
 month | character varying(10) | Month of the crash (long name format) |
 year | integer | Year of the crash |
 hour | integer | Hour of the crash |
 minute | integer | Minute of the crash |
 crashtype | character varying(16) | Internal type of the crash |
 fatalities | integer | Number of fatalities |
 bus | boolean | Was a bus involved? |
 heavytruck | boolean | Was a heavy truck involved? |
 articulatedtruck | boolean | Was an articulated truck involved? |
 speedlimit | integer | The speed limit of the crash |

##### BOM Rainfall
### Analysis
## Section II: Data Generation
### Getting the data
### Storing in PostgreSQL
### Querying
### Graphing

Commit message:

added table for the BOM Rainfall

index.md, after:

# INFO1903 Project
## Section I: Data analysis
### Domain Situation
For this project, I wanted to analyse state rainfall data
alongside road fatalities, with the primary aim of finding
a correlation between the two.

### Data Sources
#### Online Sources
- [The Australian Road Deaths Database](http://data.gov.au/dataset/australian-road-deaths-database/resource/ca07c8e3-672f-4826-a6e5-83fd7127ae0b)) which contains information about the crashes and the fatalities.
- [The Bureau of Meteorology's Daily Rainfall Data](http://www.bom.gov.au/jsp/ncc/cdio/weatherData/av?p_nccObsCode=136&p_display_type=dailyDataFile&p_startYear=&p_c=&p_stn_num=086039) for the station of Flemington in Victoria.

#### Download Links:
- [Crash database](https://bitre.gov.au/statistics/safety/files/Fatal_Crashes_Feb2017.csv) (csv)
- [Crash database legend](https://bitre.gov.au/statistics/safety/files/ARDD_Dictionary_V3.pdf) (pdf)
- [Rain database](http://www.bom.gov.au/jsp/ncc/cdio/weatherData/av?p_display_type=dailyZippedDataFile&p_stn_num=086039&p_c=-1480557288&p_nccObsCode=136&p_startYear=2017) (csv)

#### Data Description
##### ARDD

| Column | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| crashid | character(13) | Internal crash ID |
| state | character varying(3) | State that the crash occured in |
| day | integer | Day of the crash |
| month | character varying(10) | Month of the crash (long name format) |
| year | integer | Year of the crash |
| hour | integer | Hour of the crash |
| minute | integer | Minute of the crash |
| crashtype | character varying(16) | Internal type of the crash |
| fatalities | integer | Number of fatalities |
| bus | boolean | Was a bus involved? |
| heavytruck | boolean | Was a heavy truck involved? |
| articulatedtruck | boolean | Was an articulated truck involved? |
| speedlimit | integer | The speed limit of the crash |

##### BOM Rainfall

| Column | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| year | integer | Year of the measurement |
| month | integer | Month of the measurement (in integer form) |
| day | integer | Day of the measurement |
| rainfall | double precision | Amount of rainfall |
| period | integer | Period measured |
| quality | character(1) | Quality of data |

### Analysis
## Section II: Data Generation
### Getting the data
### Storing in PostgreSQL
### Querying
### Graphing
